PushCI v1.3.0: Your CI Tool Supports Three Languages and You're Fine With That?

33 language stacks. Performance tracing. Flaky test detection. Still $0.

[INSERT IMAGE: e2e/screenshots/article/01-hero.png — PushCI hero: "CI/CD but without the bill stalking you every month"]

---

I'm sitting there. Looking at our CI dashboard. And I notice something.

Our CI tool — the one we're paying for — supports Go, Node, and Python.

That's it. That's the list.

Meanwhile, in the actual codebase, we've got a Terraform module that deploys our infrastructure. A Rust CLI that half the team uses. A Kotlin microservice that Dave built before anyone could stop him. And an intern — lovely kid — who insists on writing everything in Elixir because he watched a conference talk.

So what happens when someone pushes the Terraform module?

Nothing. It goes through. Unvalidated.

Like a passport control agent who only speaks three languages working at an international airport. "Sorry, I don't understand Terraform. You may proceed."

And nobody said anything? Nobody raised their hand in a meeting and went, "Hey, shouldn't our CI tool actually… work with our code?"

I got tired of pretending this was acceptable.

PushCI v1.3.0 supports 33 language stacks. Because that's how many languages people actually use.

---

The Numbers

33 stacks: Go, Node/TypeScript, Python, Rust, Java, C#, Ruby, PHP, Swift, Dart, Elixir, Zig, Kotlin, Lua, Perl, R, Julia, OCaml, Nim, Crystal, Erlang, V, Terraform, Helm, Solidity, Bun, Fortran — plus framework pipelines for Expo, Electron, Angular, Vue, CRA, and T3.

22 CLI commands. 69 marketplace skills. 57 integration tests + 11 E2E tests.

Every stack tested. Every pipeline validated. Not "community maintained." Not "beta support." Tested.

[INSERT IMAGE: e2e/screenshots/article/06-skills.png — 69 skills in the marketplace]

---

"Somewhere in the Build"

I asked my DevOps guy where the bottleneck was.

He said "somewhere in the build."

Somewhere. In the build.

That's like a doctor saying the problem is "somewhere in your body." Thank you. Very helpful. I'll just fix… all of it, I guess.

pushci run --trace

One command. Generates Chrome Trace Event JSON. Drag it into ui.perfetto.dev and see exactly which step took 47 seconds while the rest finished in 3.

No other CI tool does this. Zero. I checked. They all give you "Build: 2m 34s" and expect you to figure it out yourself. Like giving someone a receipt total and asking them to work backwards to what they ordered.

---

The Flaky Test Meeting

You know this meeting. Everyone's been in this meeting.

The test passed on your machine. It passed in CI. It passed 9 out of 10 times.

But on that tenth time, the whole team stops what they're doing for a two-hour meeting about "test reliability."

Two hours later, someone says "let's just re-run it."

Two hours. For "re-run it."

pushci run --stress 10

Runs each check 10 times. Color-coded flake rate report. Now you have proof that test_payment_webhook fails 30% of the time instead of everyone pretending it doesn't.

You walk into that meeting. Put the report on the table. "It's this one. It's been this one the whole time. Can I go back to work now?"

[INSERT IMAGE: e2e/screenshots/article/05-runs.png — CI runs dashboard]

---

Everything Runs in Parallel Now

Build, test, security scan, deploy. All running simultaneously on isolated git worktrees.

Not sequentially. Not "after the build finishes." At the same time.

Your CI pipeline just became a parallel processing system instead of a sad, sequential queue where each step waits politely for the previous one to finish, like British people at a bus stop.

---

Five Notification Channels. Zero Plugins.

Slack, Discord, Email, Telegram, Webhook. All of them. On every run.

No marketplace plugin. No third-party integration. No "install the Slack app and grant it access to your firstborn." Add three lines to pushci.yml and it works.

---

AI That Stays on Your Machine

Run AI diagnosis without sending your code to anyone's cloud. Download a model, start it locally, diagnose your pipeline.

Your code stays on your machine. Your diagnosis stays on your machine. Nobody's training anything on your terraform.tfvars.

---

What "Free" Actually Means

Let me be very clear about this, because everyone's got a different definition of "free" these days.

Unlimited repos. Unlimited local runs. All 33 language stacks. Performance tracing. Flaky test detection. All install methods.

$0. Forever. Not a trial. Not "free for 14 days." Free.

Your machine runs the tests. Your machine pays the electricity bill. We don't get involved.

[INSERT IMAGE: e2e/screenshots/article/02-pricing.png — Free, Pro $9/mo, Team $29/seat]

Pro ($9/mo) adds AI diagnosis, cloud runners, and priority support — for when you want someone else's computer involved.

Team ($29/seat) adds SSO, audit logs, 25 members, and an SLA — for when your company requires a piece of paper that says someone is responsible if something goes wrong at 3am.

[INSERT IMAGE: e2e/screenshots/article/03-billing-free.png — Dashboard billing page with plan comparison]

---

Try It

npm install -g pushci
pushci init
pushci run --trace
pushci run --stress 10

[INSERT IMAGE: e2e/screenshots/article/07-docs.png — Full documentation at pushci.dev/docs]

Website: pushci.dev
Dashboard: app.pushci.dev
Docs: pushci.dev/docs
Homebrew: brew install finsavvyai/tap/pushci

---

So you're paying per minute for a CI tool that supports three languages, can't tell you where the bottleneck is, has no idea which tests are flaky, runs everything sequentially, and when you asked about it, someone said "that's just how CI works."

No. That's just how bad CI works.

pushci.dev
